feat: Add support for callable TTLs in cache handlers (#10159)
bcit-ci/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.8.0.rst

**NOTE:** If you've implemented your own classes that implement these interfaces from scratch, you will need to
update your implementations to include the new methods or method changes to ensure compatibility.

> - **Cache:** ``CodeIgniter\Cache\CacheInterface::remember()`` now accepts a TTL callable. All built-in cache handlers inherit this method via ``BaseHandler``, so no changes are required for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cache:** ``CodeIgniter\Cache\CacheInterface::remember()`` now accepts a TTL callable. Custom implementations of ``CacheInterface`` must update the ``$ttl`` parameter type from ``int`` to `callable|int``.
```

> - **Cache:** ``CodeIgniter\Cache\CacheInterface::remember()`` now accepts a TTL callable. Custom implementations of ``CacheInterface`` must update the ``$ttl`` parameter type from ``int`` to `callable|int``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cache:** ``CodeIgniter\Cache\CacheInterface::remember()`` now accepts a TTL callable. Custom implementations of ``CacheInterface`` must update the ``$ttl`` parameter type from ``int`` to ``callable|int``.
```

Reviewer: My fault, I see I suggested it like that - sorry.

Author: No problem. Committed the fix

**NOTE:** If you've implemented your own classes that implement these interfaces from scratch, you will need to
update your implementations to include the new methods or method changes to ensure compatibility.

- **Cache:** ``CodeIgniter\Cache\CacheInterface::remember()`` now accepts a TTL callable. All built-in cache handlers inherit this method via ``BaseHandler``, so no changes are required for them.

> - **Database:** ``CodeIgniter\Database\ConnectionInterface`` now requires the ``afterCommit()``, ``afterRollback()``, and ``transaction()`` methods.

Reviewer 2: This looks like an accidental removal of `inTransaction()` from the database interface change note.

Author: Oh yeah, I was actually rebasing so, maybe this removal would have taken place. I'll sync it with latest file tomorrow.

Author: Done
